com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/armor/ModelShootingGuardianHelmet.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.armor.ModelShootingGuardianHelmet
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/flamescion/FlamescionStateUpdatePack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.flamescion.FlamescionStateUpdatePack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityStrengthenSlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityStrengthenSlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityFlamescionSword.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityFlamescionSword
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileTinkleFlower.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileTinkleFlower
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityFlamescionSlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityFlamescionSlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/data/DataGenerators.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.data.DataGenerators
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderUfo.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderUfo
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/libs/LibBlockNames.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.libs.LibBlockNames
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileBellFlower.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileBellFlower
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityMagicArrow.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityMagicArrow
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/potions/PotionIncandescence.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.potions.PotionIncandescence
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/flamescion/FlamescionShiftPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.flamescion.FlamescionShiftPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/CommonEventHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.CommonEventHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/ModelArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.ModelArmor
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/FlamescionGUI.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.FlamescionGUI
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/core/ModSounds.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.ModSounds
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/MiscellaneousIcons.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.MiscellaneousIcons
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/relic/ItemFailnaught.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.relic.ItemFailnaught
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/potions/PotionFlamescion.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.potions.PotionFlamescion
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/relic/ItemExcaliber.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.relic.ItemExcaliber
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/UfoUpdatePack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.UfoUpdatePack
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/MotorGUI.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.MotorGUI
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/HerrscherEnergyProvider.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.HerrscherEnergyProvider
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/MotorUpdatePack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.MotorUpdatePack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/CapabilityHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.CapabilityHandler
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.CapabilityHandler$1
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.CapabilityHandler$2
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/IHerrscherEnergy.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.IHerrscherEnergy
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/ModBlocks.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.ModBlocks
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/ClientTickHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.ClientTickHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/HerrscherEnergyUpdatePack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.HerrscherEnergyUpdatePack
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/armor/ModelMikuArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.armor.ModelMikuArmor
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/ModelSlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.ModelSlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/libs/LibMisc.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.libs.LibMisc
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/relic/ItemSagesManaRing.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.relic.ItemSagesManaRing
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/flamescion/FlamescionLeftClickPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.flamescion.FlamescionLeftClickPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemMaterial.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemMaterial
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/libs/LibItemNames.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.libs.LibItemNames
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/HerrscherGUI.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.HerrscherGUI
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityFlamescionUlt.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityFlamescionUlt
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/EventHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.EventHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/ModelHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.ModelHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/armor/shadowwarrior/ItemShadowWarriorArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.shadowwarrior.ItemShadowWarriorArmor
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.shadowwarrior.ItemShadowWarriorArmor$1
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileMoonBless.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileMoonBless
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/ModelUfo.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.ModelUfo
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/functional/SubTileAnnoyingFlower.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.functional.SubTileAnnoyingFlower
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/core/IProxy.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.IProxy
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/ModelKeyOfTruth.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.ModelKeyOfTruth
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/FlamescionCapability.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.FlamescionCapability
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/NetworkHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.NetworkHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileBloodyEnchantress.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileBloodyEnchantress
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntitySplashGrenade.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntitySplashGrenade
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/brew/ItemSplashGrenade.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.brew.ItemSplashGrenade
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/HerrscherEnergyCapability.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.HerrscherEnergyCapability
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/LayerHerrscher.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.LayerHerrscher
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderFlamescionSlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderFlamescionSlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityFlamescionVoid.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityFlamescionVoid
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileSunBless.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileSunBless
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/armor/maid/ItemMaidArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.maid.ItemMaidArmor
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.maid.ItemMaidArmor$1
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/potions/PotionTimeLock.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.potions.PotionTimeLock
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/brew/ItemBrewBase.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.brew.ItemBrewBase
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/HUDHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.HUDHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/IFlamescion.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.IFlamescion
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderKeyOfTruth.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderKeyOfTruth
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileEdelweiss.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileEdelweiss
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityKeyOfTruth.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityKeyOfTruth
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/armor/ModelMaidArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.armor.ModelMaidArmor
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderFlamescionVoid.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderFlamescionVoid
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderSlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileOmniViolet.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileOmniViolet
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/ModelHerrscher.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.ModelHerrscher
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemSilverBullet.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemSilverBullet
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/core/ConfigHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.ConfigHandler
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.ConfigHandler$Client
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.ConfigHandler$Common
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntitySlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntitySlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/ModelMotor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.ModelMotor
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderDummy.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderDummy
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileReikarLily.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileReikarLily
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/ModSubtiles.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.ModSubtiles
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/SimpleCapProvider.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.SimpleCapProvider
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/armor/ModelShootingGuardianArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.armor.ModelShootingGuardianArmor
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/UfoCatchPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.UfoCatchPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/ModEntities.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.ModEntities
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemBauble.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemBauble
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderMotor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderMotor
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/libs/LibEntityNames.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.libs.LibEntityNames
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/armor/ModelGoblinSlayerArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.armor.ModelGoblinSlayerArmor
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/BlockSpecialFlower.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.BlockSpecialFlower
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/FlamescionProvider.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.FlamescionProvider
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/blocks/generating/SubTileGeminiOrchid.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.blocks.generating.SubTileGeminiOrchid
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/potions/PotionBloodTempation.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.potions.PotionBloodTempation
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/model/armor/ModelShadowWarriorArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.model.armor.ModelShadowWarriorArmor
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderFlamescionUlt.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderFlamescionUlt
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/HerrscherSkillPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.HerrscherSkillPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/RenderHelper.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.RenderHelper
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/armor/goblinslayer/ItemGoblinSlayerArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.goblinslayer.ItemGoblinSlayerArmor
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.goblinslayer.ItemGoblinSlayerArmor$1
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/ServerProxy.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.ServerProxy
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderFlamescionSword.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderFlamescionSword
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityPhantomSword.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityPhantomSword
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/capability/CapabilityEventHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.capability.CapabilityEventHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/libs/LibPotionNames.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.libs.LibPotionNames
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/flamescion/FlamescionQPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.flamescion.FlamescionQPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/FlamescionHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.FlamescionHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/armor/miku/ItemMikuArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.miku.ItemMikuArmor
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.miku.ItemMikuArmor$1
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/ExcaliberLeftClickPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.ExcaliberLeftClickPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/crafting/recipe/GoldClothRecipe.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.crafting.recipe.GoldClothRecipe
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/handler/ColorHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.handler.ColorHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/armor/shootingguardian/ItemShootingGuardianArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.shootingguardian.ItemShootingGuardianArmor
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.shootingguardian.ItemShootingGuardianArmor$1
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/potions/ModPotions.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.potions.ModPotions
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/LayerFlamescion.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.LayerFlamescion
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/FractalLeftClickPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.FractalLeftClickPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemManaDrink.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemManaDrink
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/brew/ItemCocktail.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.brew.ItemCocktail
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/armor/silentsages/ItemSilentSagesArmor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.silentsages.ItemSilentSagesArmor
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.armor.silentsages.ItemSilentSagesArmor$1
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/network/flamescion/FlamescionStrengthenPack.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.network.flamescion.FlamescionStrengthenPack
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/core/CurioIntegration.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.CurioIntegration
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.CurioIntegration$Wrapper
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/brew/ItemInfiniteWine.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.brew.ItemInfiniteWine
com/meteor/extrabotany/api/ExtraBotanyAPI.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.api.ExtraBotanyAPI
 com.meteor.extrabotany.api.ExtraBotanyAPI$ArmorMaterial
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderStrengthenSlash.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderStrengthenSlash
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityUfo.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityUfo
com/meteor/extrabotany/data/ItemModelProvider.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.data.ItemModelProvider
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/renderer/entity/RenderPhantomSword.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.renderer.entity.RenderPhantomSword
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/HerrscherHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.HerrscherHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/entities/EntityMotor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.entities.EntityMotor
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemBaubleCosmetic.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemBaubleCosmetic
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemBaubleCosmetic$1
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemBaubleCosmetic$Variant
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/KeyInputHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.KeyInputHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/client/ClientProxy.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.client.ClientProxy
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemMotor.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemMotor
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/AdvancementHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.AdvancementHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/IAdvancementRequirement.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.IAdvancementRequirement
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/libs/LibAdvancementNames.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.libs.LibAdvancementNames
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemCosmicCarKey.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemCosmicCarKey
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemTheCommunity.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemTheCommunity
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemEarthStone.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemEarthStone
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemAquaStone.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemAquaStone
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemGemOfConquest.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemGemOfConquest
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/core/EquipmentHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.EquipmentHandler
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.core.EquipmentHandler$InventoryEquipmentHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemFirstFractal.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemFirstFractal
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemAeroStone.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemAeroStone
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/bauble/ItemIgnisStone.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.bauble.ItemIgnisStone
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/handler/MemeHandler.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.handler.MemeHandler
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ItemFlamescionWeapon.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ItemFlamescionWeapon
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/items/ModItems.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.items.ModItems
com/meteor/extrabotany/ExtraBotany.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.ExtraBotany
com/meteor/extrabotany/common/ExtraBotanyGroup.java
 com.meteor.extrabotany.common.ExtraBotanyGroup
